hey everybody welcome back and run the
Lyon place abiding rising after birth
plus where we cannot lose for the life
of us we're going for the baker's dozen
I know that a baker's dozen wh d HW 8 9
p wow really good stats your 4.5 damage
basically right off the bed decent speed
better than average rate of fire and
Jacob's Ladder +3 HP this is like
actually an 8 plus as far as starts go
you know it's no hold on hold on hold on
I don't care Twitter why you got to put
this forza east bored stuff in the
background i do not desire to have that
running in the background well then
closed twitter look why don't why don't
you close your aorta so blood can't
reach the rest of your body why don't
you close your trachea so you can't
oxygenate the blood that can't reach the
rest of your body that's what twitter
means to me okay just close it why don't
you why do you crush my beating heart
with your bare hand I don't know where
I'm going with this one okay
the point is this is an amazing start
here right off the bat and I was talking
about a baker's dozen I don't buy I
don't buy into the idea that a baker's
dozen is 13 it's not fair why should
they get a different dozen than the rest
of us I think we probably do want to
book a Belial over the gamekid pretty
close to getting bookworm already but
they've been they've been running this
13 as a baker's dozen facade charade and
farce for too long as far as I'm
concerned for the next six years a
baker's dozen is 11 and then if you
prove you can handle a diminished dozen
then you get to go back to 12 with the
rest of us and maybe maybe on your
birthday 13 what a bizarre crusade
anyway we're going to take the pill we
can afford it we can afford for it to be
bad and actually getting a duplicated
vert pill it might seem like it gains us
nothing and on a large scale level it
does but we now have knowledge of what
the vert pill is and now we can
duplicate whatever pill we want if we if
were able to find one at least this run
is like well it's taking its toll on me
it said goodbye too many times before
and we have basically
almost no cynicism right now we have a
good Zane item Jacob's Ladder which is
also just good to begin with we've got a
good space bar item we've got a chance
of the bookworm transformation we got
enough HP to not be worried about our
survival at all and then beyond that we
do have a deal with the devil coming up
on this floor as well and I'm assuming
that vert pill is going to lead to like
some kind of statistical benefit at some
point like if we get it Sears upgrade or
a speed upgrade all of a sudden it's
basically two tiers or to speed upgrades
at least if they come in in pill form
but what doesn't in this day and age am
i right I have no idea but there's a
reason I'm not working at
GlaxoSmithKline and it's not you know
personal code of morals and ethics that
they ain't hiring anybody with the
bachelor's degree by liberal bachelors
with honors in biology to do anything
but you know clean the microscopes after
the big boys are actually done doing
their research regardless it's not like
I'm bitter we took chocolate milk I
think chocolate milk is anti synergistic
with Jacob's Ladder to some extent I
don't know if the electricity does more
damage if it hits with like a fully
stocked chocolate milk shot versus a not
fully stocked one but I do know like I
think at least the more tears we put on
the ground the more electricity we're
going to get which is probably what we
should be looking for if we're trying to
make a Jacob's Ladder pop but I think
it's like negatively synergistic for now
but the idea is that in the future it
could conceivably pop off exquisitely
but I mean we are at 3 minutes and 20
seconds we're about to beat the second
boss not only if we not taken damage
there's almost no way for us to take
damage at least right now we'd require
like experimental treatment this is the
one thing that would get me right now
experimental treatment really bad role
that's almost all staffs downgrades then
I might be persuaded ooh we could also
completely squander this right here and
put our
dangerous spot all the - this is
actually incredible should have gotten
to plays out of that should also pick up
a contract from below but this is the
fact that we got power pill out of this
is kind of hilarious that's so good for
us let's see what we get here I am going
to take a look as much as possible this
has already been of cause this has
already been a pretty great deal with
the devil for one that doesn't actually
allow us to get anything nothing
that's a surprise to me we could create
another power pill with verb and I think
that would be advisable now we cannot at
least not easily okay we basically have
to go at this point and that verb will
give us another range upgrade which is
effectively worthless but we might as
well look for a red heart quickly I am
genuinely worried about our survival now
because I've done this to myself but at
the same time I'm not that worried as
long as we can get you know more HP
which we just did we might not be able
to get back to the deal with the devil I
don't think I care about the card keep
the verb pill and just use it for
something better later as of right now
it doesn't do anything for us we're
going to spend some time here because we
probably do want to go back to the to
the curse room as well and see what we
can get in there oh man okay so now
getting like something actually improves
our stats would be really nice we've
gotten some utility items and the virus
has good future potential that's two
verbs it's not worth anything man dude
power pills
power bill with two verbs means this guy
is paying out with something okay we got
experimental treatment damage downgrade
but stats up in like almost every other
conceivable direction I'm just going to
keep verb and we're going to head down
to the next floor I don't think I can
afford to go to the cursed room anymore
but we're one away from the sponge
transform a
and we made that deal with the devil
work for us very afraid actually of this
situation right there getting hit twice
I think guaranteed would have killed us
so you can understand my concerns
probably at this point it's really all
about getting an HP upgrade if we could
stack up like six spirit arts like the
other thing that would work well and we
have a good chance of is because we've
got nice like finite we've got a good
balance sheet or an income statement if
you will because we're getting a lot of
money like at least a penny per room
basically that is just coming from head
of the keepers so essentially we get a
reroll machine in our shop we should be
able to buy a few spirit hearts there's
one and then there's two we shouldn't be
able to buy anymore because the green
machine didn't pay out the greed statute
didn't pay out I should say but
otherwise it was the most Canadian out
I've said in quite some time but anyway
we're good work there any other I'm
trying to think of other English
colloquialisms that make no sense
baker's dozen nobody uses baker's dozen
anymore I kind of got roasted likes
Invicta and I did this this video well
isn't really something to do the video
and I just showed up it's called how
Canadian are you where you wanted me to
take 10 Canadian isms and ask him about
them and then we'll see how many you can
identify either from for knowledge or oh
my god we dodged it either from you know
for knowledge or just deriving the
meaning of it dynamically and lockdowns
not that terrible to be honest with you
and most of them people are like yeah I
get it
you know in Canada we do use the term
gongshow from time to time it's more of
like a hockey thing you're gonna be
lucky it's lacrosse you know it's all
the same you just don't realize it yet
I'm not saying hockey and lacrosse are
the same sport I'm saying it's the same
culture while in the hockey we use
sticks and in La Crosse we use sticks
they have a little net on the end of
them
I'm not anti lacrosse I don't know where
narratives come anyway oh dude
transcendence absolutely Joker card we
will obviously get stacked here and we
should fight the angel statue this is a
unexpected angel run without a doubt but
anyway people were like yeah okay I know
what a Keener is I know what a
double-double is these are Canadian
servers you can watch them victus video
you know if you want to get more of a
feel for what those actually mean in
Canada but then I said you know what's a
Chesterfield and some people were like
Chesterfields not really a used term in
Canada anymore well you know I guess I'm
the I'm the the Link to the Past Legend
of Zelda style here when I grew up we
called it a Chesterfield when I got
older well I I don't think I've ever
heard a Canadian used the term sofa I
use the term sofa because it's you know
I like to Americanize it because
otherwise sometimes when you say
something that doesn't fit something
that they've heard for their entire
lives they get up in your face you know
they go you know sounds funny buddy
where are you from you spelled color
with a u in that place you know so I try
to be like I hide in plain sight you
know I remove the use from the words
even though me and my other Commonwealth
bros know color and neighbor both ever
you in them it's just you know so
shallow be written so shall be done but
yeah I don't think I've ever heard a
Canadian use the term sofa the same
thing we in parts of Canada we say soda
but I definitely grew up saying pop but
I will admit that just on a logical
level I think the pop is a worse name
I'd prefer a name that is descriptive
over a name that sounds like what the
can does when you open it but anyway I
call it a couch now most of the time I
hate take a seat on the couch I don't
know why that came across so weird but
thanks a lot Internet anyway the point
is Chesterfield is what we grew up
calling it I've also heard the term
Davenport somebody in the comments was
like you know if my grandmother calls it
a Davenport that was definitely like an
old-world
oldest word not an old world you'd be
like you know grandma's not of Davenport
as a Chesterfield they use it in a
sentence I'll just go with the finger
here man
why not the runs go on fine let's take
some it's going better than fine let's
take some weirdo items and pop off here
so we're gonna throw a bomb down here
and this bomb granted us hive mind we're
unlikely to become guppy but I'm going
to take hive mind regardless just in
case we do this is a I mean it's nice
it's nice to have a run like this
because it's basically my favorite type
of run it's not traditionally strong but
it's very strong in its own unique way
like we have pretty poor stats you can't
really uh we can't use verb for tears up
until we break the tears cap
unfortunately you can't really be like
oh we need to bond before we go through
here in case we get the other angel
statue but you can't really look at it
run with chocolate milk and then go oh
my tears dad is 12 that's pretty bad but
admittedly 12 rate of fire plus 3.5
damage is not very good on Adam just raw
attribute level but again your tier stat
becomes completely nullified by the
existence of of chocolate milk on this
run so it's actually pretty solid we're
at the fierce cap actually we know that
we need to play this to get a bomb I'll
spend money we've already bought
something on this floor I mean maybe we
could just buy a bomb in the shop but
where's the fun announce roll the dice
student well okay let's not roll the
dice let's go buy a bomb instead but we
through the strength of Jacob's Ladder
and finger and common cold you know
we've been shackled milk of course we've
created nice a run that is actually
incredibly strong it's not just like
above-average it's very very good so I'm
a happy camper right now of course you
know the guppy dream is something that's
it exists in my mind's eye right now and
with contract from below right you
should pop that with contract from below
I'm definitely hoping that we're in
contract from below plus left hand
really
I'm hoping we can make this guppy dream
come to fruition since oil gives us fun
so now our damage is no longer a concern
and another vert pill honestly we should
stick with angel precedent because we
have no ole angel chance at least
because none of those items offer us
enough we don't need the baby it's going
to add you know like 2% to our overall
ability to kill things right now and we
certainly don't need Lord of the pit
we've already got the passive ability to
fly by a transcendence we've gotten
great payouts for having not had to pay
for a deal with the devil items so far
that's really like the the best part of
this run right now it's the three demon
judgments in that first deal with the
devil did so much for us of course you
know that room is like if you can do it
do it it's a no-brainer
if you can do it do it get it prequel
means free are we selling prequel memes
yet and the meme economy is turned on
them they were they were huge for alive
as a blue chip stock it's like buying
Amazon I don't know maybe there might
still be around wait maybe maybe sell
half of your position and then hold the
remainder until the release of episode 8
and then we'll see how things look at
that point and they might have a
resurgence you know you can afford to be
you can afford to be conservative in a
Meem economy like this if you're coming
from a power position of holding a blue
chip asset I don't know anything about
Star Wars or stocks for the most part
only in the Star Wars fandom because you
have seen almost every piece of you know
media about about Star Wars except for
any of the books and be like I don't
know anything about this but it's true I
like Star Wars I've held this position
on the show many times as well and and
that inevitably is going to offend some
people but Star Wars is one of those
things where I like it but I really
think that good god how did Star Wars
fandom
survive the prequels it's really like a
new hope put yourself back in the shoes
of being alive in like while being a
Star Wars fan at least in like the year
2005 a new hope was great you know
kick-started as a sci-fi revolution
Empire Strikes Back most people believe
that it's even better and I would agree
with that you know it's a mature and
excellent movie Return of the Jedi yeah
it's alright but they usually he walks
is just there to sell toys and then no
movies for like 17 18 years something
like that
and then the first one that comes out is
garbage
and then the second one that comes out
is possibly I mean I don't think it's
even worse but it's close to being on
the same level I know people go what the
podracing I I watched it in 2015 for the
first time since I was like 12 years old
that is bad it's not the pod raising is
the best part of a bad movie but even
the pod racing is still terrible in my
opinion but anyway again let's not it
make too many enemies here and then you
know Revenge of the Sith I I still think
that movies mildly underrated I think
there's a lot of the silly stuff that
happens in that movie no doubt the no
from Darth Vader is hilarious I have no
idea how it got passed quality control
on which I guess would be editing and
this were like literally anybody in the
room go and please don't put that in the
movie but anyway but I think like for
the most part that movie is at least
entertaining even if it does seem like
spoilers Anakin flips to the dark side
in like 15 seconds you know anyway
that's where you're at after the
prequels how it is a testament to the
quality of the first two and to some
extent Return of the Jedi and maybe the
Timothy Zahn novels as well that Star
Wars fandom managed to survive that
because it's like the at that point in
time it was like the franchise that had
the least average quality of media plus
the highest level of like diehard fandom
and that's actually you might think I'm
punching down here I actually think
that's super cool
I'm trying to think of like anything
that has a similar you know what there
is there is one thing and I'm not trying
to punch down here as well because
Wonder Woman just came out and
apparently it's fantastic but that's
sort of how I felt about the DC films
for a while although I understand and
respect that a lot of people love them
and a lot of people like violently
defend them which is also finding the
you I understand you think there's like
a narrative against them founded like
the critics have it out for DC anyway
the point is I hate sauerkraut now the
point is like I'm glad that that
franchise is doing good things now not
just cool things for good things I
thought finally saw Star Wars Episode
seven like nine months after it came out
and I was like you know what we don't
want to smell the left hand so let's
bomb through here I was like you know
what it is it's a rehash but I'm okay
with that because they needed like
they're I'm trying to think of how to
phrase it I think they needed like a
single rather than swinging for the
fences and trying to get a maybe we
should take a moon for now trying to get
like a Grand Slam the baseball analogy
probably does not hold but they took a
safe shot and created a very likeable
film that didn't take any risks and now
you know it made a trillion dollars
which is fine hopefully in the next one
you know they they take some more
artistic and cinematic risks and take
the franchise in an interesting place
it's not just like oh you know another
Death Star that I think people would
start to lose faith in the franchise a
little bit if they went back there but
and that's probably obvious anyway
they're smart people working on this
film smarter than me
and I saw rows one and I was like rogue
one was really fun I think that there's
there's a case to be made the rogue one
is like maybe the third best Star Wars
movie I did probably don't need to tell
you what the top two are get the heck
out of here so we I mean we've been a
holding verb for infinity years it will
just never ever not be here I mean I
know it's on the floor right now it's
the
value we can fight mega Satan on this
run that's up to us right now I don't
see a good reason why we wouldn't we
should have played the blood bank a
little bit before we sacrificed our HP
but that also does not matter
there's no blood bank on the site there
is a blood bank we could play the
judgment it's not a bad idea but I took
the guffy item even though it cost us a
bunch of HP for two reasons one of which
gives us nine lives which compensates
almost always for the lack of HP or the
loss of HP and then beyond that we got a
decent chance to become guppy with the
contract from below combined with the
left hand but the run is actually
besides the point at this point it's
Baker's besides the point
thanks for the battery charges like
sackboy contract from below is getting a
little ridiculous in a good way but I do
I do hit like sack boy fatigue from time
to time where you know eventually your
run is just won and then it's dropping
sacks which drop batteries which give
you a chance to give sacks sometimes
depending on your space bar item ages
it's a little silly I did just realize
as well we took chaos earlier which is
probably why our deal with the devil
sort of or deal with the Angel sort of
stunk but it also allowed us to get
Trinity shield sort of randomly out of a
redshift so our guppy chances I don't
know if they're better or worse now
probably worse because of the amount of
chance we're going to get thanks to the
left hand but 9lives again is good like
in a vacuum as well so I ain't mad much
it's another verb pill and a luck
downgrade probably a pill I'm not
interested in duplicating what we will
do is make our way to the presume 'add
item room here okay what we will do is
walk all the way backwards to the
presumed item room back there and
that'll be good
rest assured like if you've been a
die-hard fan of Star Wars for a long
time that that tangent was not meant as
a shot on you to begin with for one for
the most part I think the fandom is like
a good thing you know you get invested
in things and part of a community even
if like you're bonding over like an NL
doesn't respect Star Wars that's fine by
me dude creates another human connection
gets us through this mortal coil I'm
okay with being that galvanizing agent
in this situation you want to want
something more to hate me about I think
Revenge of the Sith is a little bit
better than Return of the Jedi I know oh
but the Leia and the gold bikini and
Millie I know okay I don't like Return
of the Jedi as much as almost anybody
else on planet earth I think the forest
bike or the I forget what it's called
which is undermining my limited nerd
cred but it's the Ewoks man I know it's
like a little too much of a circle jerk
at this point and they're not as bad as
Jar Jar Binks which is its own circle
jerk as well though if you go back and
watch those movies watch episode 1 that
one's not that much of a circle jerk Jar
Jar Binks is actually just super weird
but anyway Revenge of the Sith has way
more like individual cringe-worthy
moments stakes suicide King we can get
something out of this on the chest but I
think overall the movie is like not ten
times better but like maybe like 0.2 out
of 10 better than Return of the Jedi but
anyway any time I say that people go you
are out of your mind and I understand I
respect that I'm against consensus on
this and it's not from a hipster
standpoint it's my genuine honest
opinion but that doesn't mean that it's
right if it could something is twisted
up in the old noggin that that leads to
that opinion perhaps okay okay okay we
got a look at this
so the problem here is that like mom's
knife is too easy and it ruins jacob's
ladder' potato peeler is weird I mean
it's okay we could use that with we
could use it with our HP plus nine lives
to get a bunch of meat boys but I
actually think like blue baby's only
friend is the right choice they're as
weird as that might seem and I don't
think it really does anything for us but
for having for chaos items on the angel
room we sorta you know struck out as far
as quality is concerned there I think of
course I mean the one item is so good I
feel I can't take it so not necessarily
fair the moms knife pickup would have
been very good don't want to spend too
much more time on this room if I can
avoid it we'll take the keys we have we
know we don't have Guppies tail
so we're I'm hoping for a deal with the
devil but I'm running it through my like
brain analysis right now I'm like that
can't happen because we we don't have
duality really thought I could squeeze
myself in the corner there we don't have
duality which means that we are
guaranteed to deal with the angel if we
get a deal you remember there was a time
mr. Fred actually showed up like on
every single boss but it seemed like or
every single womb run it seemed like
those were the days man now mr. Fred is
like a special boss like I think we see
brimstone more often than mr. Fred I
figured we might as well fight the angel
statue just to see if we get anything
but obviously we didn't and it's still
completely fine again like this run at
this point it's basically maintained its
quality throughout it's still great it
started great it's still great that's
bookworm it's like extremely bookworm
and Book of Shadows we got a case for
but I don't know where the it's kind of
a weird situation like I do
don't take a look down you're weirdo I
get roasted sometimes and a lot of it is
on runs like this and I'm not trying to
set up you know like a false narrative
of like oh like the haters the haters
don't want me to succeed I get tweets
sometimes people go you know and L don't
let the haters get you down and I just
I'm very thankful for the tweets but I
also look around and I go I got it like
a real limited percentage of people that
watch my content just to just to make
fun of me I think you know I've
cultivated what is mostly a genuine
personality and playing games I like and
not kicking up needless drama and I got
I've developed a fanbase of people that
enjoy that kind of content which is
which is cool so honestly like when I
see those those tweets that are like
don't let the haters get you down I go
oh no what did I do
why do why do I have a higher percentage
of haters all of a sudden but know that
sometimes I get criticized which is
different and it's hard to remember that
sometimes but it is sometimes I get
criticized they say oh you're not using
book of Belial that much like you might
as well use it once every three rooms at
some point we've reached a level of like
who cares miss I think on this run who
cares miss averaging like yeah we should
be using a book of Belial you're not
wrong once every three rooms but we're
going to win either way
and it's not like it's a more impressive
win if we use book of Belial I think I
might be mistaken Satanic bottles a
little different cuz it actually does it
gives you like a demonstrable repeatable
benefit sad bombs are so good here um I
mean we should probably fight hush we
got a pretty strong hush fight here but
yeah you know at some point it's like if
we get for the man who has everything
you know you're talking to on a run like
this we're like the societal equivalent
of like an NFL player and you're like
hey you know why are you buying the
why you get an extra meat on your subway
sandwich you could just get a another
six-inch for the price of the extra meat
on a premium sub like this here's a
little life hack for you you know
LaDainian Tomlinson blue stick was
suicide King for now
lady dudes making well I mean LaDainian
Tomlinson is probably out of the NFL by
now and I'm dating myself but yeah
obviously we'll take that the dudes
making you know 35 million dollars a
year something like that he can afford
the extra meat that's kind of how I feel
about this Isaac run right now is it's
not good to espouse the attitude that
you know we can afford to make mistakes
but I mean we can afford to make minor
mistakes it's part of part of the luxury
you know luxury is just living your life
in efficiently without it being able to
you know come back and bite you in the
butt so we have a luxurious position on
this run oh there's any doubt about that
please a devil card would help a lot the
fool card would be just horrible for us
bookable i'll unfortunately does not
stack so probably spending a lot of time
mashing on this button you'll get it
really used to the sound of my keyboard
click click that's the sound of the
keyboard and that's it I've exhausted
all topics for conversation what could
be talked about now I was driving around
in Vancouver today cloudy day GPS every
like 15 seconds was changing its
directions I'm aware of the fact that we
live in the future I talk about this on
a regular basis like this GPS is getting
downright dangerous though you know I'm
driving on King's way and it goes oh the
term right on the Fraser and then as I'm
single to get into the lane to turn
right on Fraser it goes oh no keep left
on the Kings way for the next two
kilometers and people are going and let
me know that kind of made that honking
part up but at the same time you're like
you know if your GPS can't function on a
cloudy day how useful is that in
Canada's radius city so that's what
that's one bit that I'm prototyping for
a future Isaac episode suppose what else
can we talk about here
I got nothing I've lived a pretty
uneventful series of days recently I was
waved at by a child on the street two
days ago they went they were walking
with their parents they were like maybe
three years old maybe four and they were
like hello and I responded hello and
then I thought about like the it wasn't
like it was an awkward interaction and
I'm trying not to
obviously overthink it because I'm like
for the most part of rational adults the
devil car doesn't stack with the book of
Belial but like you're really that's the
pureness of a child is to not understand
the position that he's putting people
into there I had that child's like
belief in the goodness of mankind in the
palm of my hands I could have just
ghosted that child I could have said yet
whatever goodbye you know I could have
been a total jerk I'm not suggesting
anyone in their right mind would be but
you know that puts a lot of pressure on
somebody into social interaction there's
like an innocent human being in front of
you that is just like I know two things
about the world breastmilk
young secondly I don't think
three-year-olds and usually breastfeed
but admittedly I don't remember
and then the other thing is if I say
hello to anybody on the street they'll
say hello back if that if if they were
eight years old I would have said hello
back still if they were fifteen I would
have been like what is what's going on
here and you're going to say that Enel
you're being cynical this is not cynical
put yourself in anybody else's shoes
there if you're walking down the street
and a fifteen year old teenager just by
themselves goes hello in a big city I'd
start to be like what's going on here
like am I about to be punked in some way
or another and if they were like 40 and
they waved and said hello I would be
like this this person has a problem but
these these might just be Vancouver's
social norms as well I did I grew up in
a small ish down even if you were
downtown there making your way downtown
walking fast stations passing them
homebound you know downtown late at
night or early in the morning you would
sometimes pass somebody on the street
and you'd be like oftentimes you give
them a nod or you might even say hey you
know it's like a little bit more of a
small-town thing I also think it's kind
of like a signal that when if you say
hey to someone when you're the only two
people on the sidewalk it's like don't
sweat it I'm cool I'm not going to like
you know rob you or punch you or
something so you know that there's that
signal we don't do that in Vancouver it
has a reputation for being a cold city
from a social standpoint and I I sort of
understand it to be honest with you but
I also people they come to Vancouver and
they go you know why nobody I said hi to
a stranger on the SkyTrain and they
didn't say hi to me back the thing is
you get jaded sometimes living here and
this is bringing up a whole other like
class of issues that are very prickly
but you get jaded living here sometimes
from talking to people you don't know
because probably like at least
two-thirds of my interactions with
strangers in Vancouver are like hey oh
hi um like can you give me some money
please there's an enormous population
here I'm not saying oh my life's so hard
I have to
deal with being asked for money from
time to time but you know I'm just
saying that is one reason why you know
if you ever if you ever come to this
area you go why are people so unfriendly
it's like most of the time genuinely you
get talked to by a stranger it is with
an ulterior motive you know and it's you
know it's a fundamental problem maybe
that that allows us to compromise our
ability to get close to one another
maybe I'll admit we had a weird
situation and it's it's something you
know I hesitate to talk about is again
like homelessness and poverty or sincere
and serious issues and oftentimes
there's like drug use and mental illness
tied up in it but like canine we're at a
McDonald's like two weeks ago and I
think in a drop the left hand here just
before I go off on this tangent and
forget K tonight we're at a McDonald's
like two weeks ago after we left this
person started walking beside us and we
were just kind of you know this is par
for the course so we just kind of like
having a conversation amongst ourselves
and then she goes like hey like could
you guys give you some money and we're
sorry we don't have any change and then
she's like yeah well would you use to
buy the food and we just sort of walked
off and you might say NL this is
extremely rude but that same for stuff
we use a credit card I'm not giving this
lady my credit card she got a reader or
something maybe I don't know but
secondly like three months earlier and I
don't think she remembered three months
earlier I was at that same McDonald's by
myself I was waiting for my food and she
came up and was like hey could you buy
me a meal and I said sorry like
basically I'm not going to do that which
I guess makes me a dick but all I wanted
for the purposes of this anecdote I
didn't say sorry I'm not going to do
that I just said sorry you know and then
the rest spoke for itself I suppose and
then she said you're a selfish dick and
I was like I mean in this situation I
can see her point but at the same time
I'm definitely not gonna give you my
loose change the next time I see you
outside of that McDonald's you just you
spoiled our future
her actions you know maybe I was having
an off day and all of a sudden now
you're like you know the customer's
always right man I'm like you created a
situation that allowed me to be a dick
but also self righteous and again it's
not like you can't analyze the issue on
that level or you become like a total
jerk there's no doubt about it but I was
like man for once I have like a great
excuse and it's not that I feel no
empathy is quite the opposite it's more
like you know when it comes to giving
money I got options I'm going to go with
the person who didn't call me a selfish
dick that's just I'm sorry for being a
human being on that level but that's
what it comes down to anyway that's
that's what life's like in Vancouver and
you might think that I'm being
insensitive there and there's a chance
that relative to the normal relative to
the rest of the population I am but not
in Vancouver and Vancouver people are
like people are heartless sometimes man
I think you know I've only lived here
for like you know a small chunk of my
adult life I've avoided becoming like
completely jaded with it but it's a city
that it's gorgeous but it's God got some
stuff going on under the surface as well
there's no doubt about it not to make
the episode like too real we are just
playing but that's what the iSeries is
at this point you know is like talking
about not about real issues necessarily
but talking about things that aren't
Isaac especially on a run like this in
which we've you know bawled out of
control how did suicide King work for us
well in the end I gave us X plus Evo
which is like a pretty okay choice
how many waves of mini-bosses are there
am i losing in here
in the end I probably would rather have
12 HP than X placebo but we don't have
much choice in that matter at this point
and the thing is like if we die we just
come back and we don't fight mega Satan
or we fight mega Satan later you know so
it's kind of like I've added a little
bit of intrigue I'm not going to say it
is you know series finale of Breaking
Bad but we've added a little bit of
intrigue on this run because now it is
conceivable that we could die
we have stopped watch so this guy is
like secondary attacks right now should
be pretty easy to not get tagged by yeah
we made it happen man we only got it
once on the mega Satan fight that's
encouraging
for now though thanks for watching hope
you guys enjoy the episode you still
don't think so lowly of me if you did
click a like by the upside a great deal
of course subscribe if you wanna see
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and I'll see you next time